**Question 1**<br>
You used a sunspots dataset that was stored in CSV. What’s the name of the Python library used to read CSVs?
- [x] csv
- [ ] py_csv
- [ ] CommaSeparatedValues
- [ ] py_files

**Question 2**<br>
Why is MAE a good analytic for measuring accuracy of predictions for time series?
- [x] It doesn’t heavily punish larger errors like square errors do
- [ ] It only counts positive errors
- [ ] It biases towards small errors
- [ ] It punishes larger errors 

**Question 3**<br>
What is the expected input shape for a univariate time series to a Conv1D? 
- [x] (window_size, 1)
- [ ] ()
- [ ] (1, window_size)
- [ ] (1,)

**Question 4**<br>
When you read a row from a reader and want to cast column 2 to another data type, for example, a float, what’s the correct syntax?
- [ ] Convert.toFloat(row[2])
- [ ] You can’t. It needs to be read into a buffer and a new float instantiated from the buffer
- [x] float(row[2]) 
- [ ] float f = row[2].read()

**Question 5**<br>
How do you add a 1 dimensional convolution to your model for predicting time series data?
- [ ] Use a ConvolutionD1 layer type
- [x] Use a Conv1D layer type
- [ ] Use a 1DConv layer type
- [ ] Use a 1DConvolution layer type

**Question 6**<br>
If your CSV file has a header that you don’t want to read into your dataset, what do you execute before iterating through the file using a ‘reader’ object?
- [x] next(reader)
- [ ] reader.next
- [ ] reader.ignore_header()
- [ ] reader.read(next)

**Question 7**<br>
After studying this course, what neural network type do you think is best for predicting time series like our sunspots dataset?
- [x] A combination of all other answers
- [ ] DNN
- [ ] RNN / LSTM
- [ ] Convolutions
