**Question 1**<br>
Which of these is the best definition of “Generative AI”?
- [ ] A form of web search.
- [ ] Any web-based application that generates text.
- [x] AI that can produce high quality content, such as text, images, and audio.
- [ ] Artificial intelligence systems that can map from an input A to an output B.

**Question 2**<br>
Which of these is the most accurate description of an LLM?
- [ ] It generates text by using supervised learning to carry out web search.
- [ ] It generates text by finding a writing partner to work with you.
- [x] It generates text by repeatedly predicting the next word.
- [ ] It generates text by repeatedly predicting words in random order.

**Question 3**<br>
True or False. Because an LLM has learned from web pages on the internet, its answers are always more trustworthy than what you will find on the internet. 
- [ ] True
- [x] False

**Question 4**<br>
Why do we call AI a general purpose technology?
- [x] Because it is useful for many different tasks.
- [ ] Because it can chat.
- [ ] Because it includes both supervised learning and generative AI.
- [ ] Because it can be accessed via the general web.

**Question 5**<br>
You hear of a company using an LLM to automatically route emails to the right department. Which of these use cases is it most likely to be?
- [x] The company has a software-based application that uses an LLM to automatically route emails.
- [ ] Employees are copy-pasting the emails into a web interface to decide how to route them.
