**Question 1**<br>
What is the name of the tf.data class that represents a sequence of elements, in which each item consists of one or more components?
- [ ] tf.dataset.Data
- [x] tf.data.Dataset
- [ ] tf.data.data.Set
- [ ] tf.data.Sequence

**Question 2**<br>
Which of these are types of feature column (choose 2)?
- [x] Dense Column
- [x] Categorical Column
- [ ] Integer Column
- [ ] Data Column

**Question 3**<br>
If you want to map a person’s birth year to a decade, what’s the best column type to use?
- [ ] YearColumn
- [ ] StringColumn
- [x] BucketizedColumn
- [ ] DecadeColumn

**Question 4**<br>
You have a list of vocabulary words, and you want to one-hot encode them to a column. What’s the appropriate type?
- [ ] tf.feature_column.categorical_column_with_vocab  
- [ ] Tf.feature_column.categorical_column_with_list_vocabulary
- [x] tf.feature_column.categorical_column_with_vocabulary_list
- [ ] tf.feature_column.categorical_column_with_list  

**Question 5**<br>
How do you turn a Numpy array into a Dataset?
- [ ] Using from_numpy_array
- [x] Using from_tensor_slices
- [ ] Using load_numpy
- [ ] Using load_tensors_from_numpy

**Question 6**<br>
When using pandas, how do you automatically one-hot encode a column?
- [ ] Using pd.Encode.Category
- [ ] Using pd.OneHot
- [ ] Using pd.Category
- [x] Using pd.Categorical

**Question 7**<br>
What experimental API allows you to quickly turn a CSV into a dataset?
- [ ] tf.data.experimental.csv_dataset
- [ ] tf.data.experimental.make_dataset
- [x] tf.data.experimental.make_csv_dataset
- [ ] tf.data.experimental.make_csv

**Question 8**<br>
What API is used to load text from a file into a dataset?
- [ ] tf.data.TextDataset
- [ ] tf.dataset.TextDataset
- [ ] tf.data.LineDataset
- [x] tf.data.TextLineDataset
