**Question 1**<br>
What technology is used to deploy addons like TensorFlow Lite to iOS applications?
- [ ] Applepods
- [x] Cocoapods
- [ ] VSNs
- [ ] Gradle

**Question 2**<br>
What is the name of the pod that you use to add TF Lite to an iOS app with the Swift language?
- [x] TensorFlowLiteSwift
- [ ] TensorFlowSwift
- [ ] LiteSwift
- [ ] TensorFlowLite

**Question 3**<br>
How do you deploy a model to iOS for offline use?
- [ ] You bundle model and interpreter as a resource file
- [ ] You download it at runtime
- [x] You add is as part of the app bundle
- [ ] You convert it to swift code and use it as an activity

**Question 4**<br>
How does iOS represent images in memory?
- [ ] An array of bytes
- [x] A CVPixelBuffer
- [ ] An NSPixelArray
- [ ] Image class

**Question 5**<br>
How do you do inference with a TF Lite interpreter in Swift?
- [ ] interpreter.run(input, output)
- [x] Copy values to input tensor, call interpreter.invoke(), copy outputs to output Tensor
- [ ] interpreter.invoke(input, output)
- [ ] Copy values to input tensor, call interpreter.run(), copy outputs to output Tensor

**Question 6**<br>
How do you specify the number of threads that the interpreter should use?
- [x] Use an InterpreterOptions object and set its threadCount property to the desired amount
- [ ] Use an InterpreterOptions object and set it’s useThreads property to true
- [ ] Call the setThreads() method on an InterpreterOptions object and specify the desired amount
- [ ] Use an InterpreterOptions object and set its threads property to the desired amount

**Question 7**<br>
What format is an image in a CVPixelBuffer?
- [ ] RGBA_32
- [ ] BGR_32
- [x] BGRA_32
- [ ] RGB_32

**Question 8**<br>
How can you tell if a model is quantized at runtime?
- [x] Check the inputTensor Data type. If it’s uInt8, the model is quantized
- [ ] Check the modelFormat data type. If it’s uInt8, the model is quantized
- [ ] Check the isQuantized property on the interpreter. If it is true, the model is quantized
- [ ] Check the isQuantized property on the input tensor. If it is true, the model is quantized

**Question 9**<br>
In what order does the object detection model report the bounding box parameters?
- [x] y, x, height, width
- [ ] x, y, width, height
- [ ] x, y, height, width
- [ ] y, x, width, height
