**Question 1**<br>
What is a trend?
- [ ] An overall consistent upward direction for data
- [ ] An overall consistent downward direction for data
- [ ] An overall consistent flat direction for data
- [x] An overall direction for data regardless of direction

**Question 2**<br>
In the context of time series, what is noise?
- [ ] Data that doesn’t have a trend
- [ ] Data that doesn’t have seasonality
- [ ] Sound waves forming a time series
- [x] Unpredictable changes in time series data

**Question 3**<br>
What is an example of a Univariate time series?
- [ ] Baseball scores
- [x] Hour by hour temperature
- [ ] Fashion items
- [ ] Hour by hour weather   

**Question 4**<br>
What is autocorrelation?
- [x] Data that follows a predictable shape, even if the scale is different
- [ ] Data that doesn’t have noise
- [ ] Data that automatically lines up in trend
- [ ] Data that automatically lines up seasonally

**Question 5**<br>
What is an example of a Multivariate time series?
- [ ] Fashion items
- [ ] Baseball scores
- [ ] Hour by hour temperature 
- [x] Hour by hour weather 

**Question 6**<br>
What is a non-stationary time series?
- [ ] One that is consistent across all seasons.
- [ ] One that moves seasonally.
- [x] One that has a disruptive event breaking trend and seasonality. 
- [ ] One that has a constructive event forming trend and seasonality.

**Question 7**<br>
What is imputed data?
- [ ] Data that has been withheld for various reasons
- [x] A projection of unknown (usually past or missing) data
- [ ] A bad prediction of future data
- [ ] A good prediction of future data

**Question 8**<br>
A sound wave is a good example of time series data
- [x] True
- [ ] False

**Question 9**<br>
What is Seasonality?
- [ ] Weather data
- [ ] Data that is only available at certain times of the year
- [x] A regular change in shape of the data
- [ ] Data aligning to the 4 seasons of the calendar
