**Question 1**<br>
When using the toxicity library, a statement will be labelled with 2 probabilities. What are they?
- [x] The first is the probability value for whether or not the phrase is not an insult, and the second is the probability for whether or not it is
- [ ] The first is the probability value for whether or not the phrase is not an insult, and the second is the threshold
- [ ] The first is the probability value for whether or not the phrase is an insult, and the second is the threshold 
- [ ] The first is the probability value for whether or not the phrase is an insult, and the second is the probability for whether or not it is not

**Question 2**<br>
If toxicity returns a probabilities list with values of [0.8, 0.2], what does that mean?
- [ ] The phrase contains an insult
- [ ] The phrase does not contain an insult
- [x] We don’t know. The answer depends on something else
- [ ] There's an error

**Question 3**<br>
How do you determine what type of toxicity is contained in a result from toxicity?
- [ ] There’s no way to determine type of toxicity, either a sentence is toxic or it isn’t
- [x] It returns an array of answers, each one corresponding to a different type of toxicity
- [ ] When you call the API you specify what type of toxicity you are looking for with a parameter (i.e. ‘threat’)
- [ ] When you call the API you send it a list of specific toxicity types you want it to look for (i.e. ([‘threat’, ‘obscene’])

**Question 4**<br>
When using mobilenet in js to classify an image, it can recognize up to 1000 types. How many predictions does it return by default?
- [x] 3
- [ ] All that are above a threshold, set by the threshold parameter
- [ ] All non-zero predictions
- [ ] 1000

**Question 5**<br>
When converting Python-trained models to JSON to use in tensorflow.js, what is the package that you need to ‘pip install’ (assuming you already have installed tensorflow)
- [ ] None, it’s built into TensorFlow
- [ ] tensorflow-javascript
- [x] Tensorflowjs
- [ ] tensorflow-js

**Question 6**<br>
How do you convert a Python-trained model to JSON?
- [ ] Simply save it as JSON
- [ ] Save it as a TensorFlow Saved Model, then use the tensorflowjs_convertor script in JavaScript 
- [x] Save it as a TensorFlow Saved Model, then use the tensorflowjs_convertor script in Python
- [ ] Save it as a TensorFlow Saved Model, then import that as a JSON object

**Question 7**<br>
If you have a model that you’ve converted to JSON how do you load it into JavaScript?
- [ ] `const model = await tf.loadSavedModel(MODEL_URL)`
- [x] const model = await tf.loadLayersModel(MODEL_URL)` 
- [ ] `const model = tf.loadLayersModel(MODEL_URL)`
- [ ] `const model = tf.loadSavedModel(MODEL_URL)`

Question 8
When you convert a Python-based model to JSON, how many files will you get?
- [ ] One, the model file itself
- [x] At least two: the model file, and a sharded collection of binary weight files that can have one or more files
- [ ] Two, the model file and a snapshot of binary weights
- [ ] Two, the model file and a metadata file
