**Question 1**<br>
When using image augmentation with image_dataset_from_directory, what happens to your raw image data on-disk?
- [ ] A copy will be made, and the copies are augmented
- [ ] A copy will be made, and the originals will be augmented
- [x] Nothing
- [ ] The images will be edited on disk, so be sure to have a backup

**Question 2**<br>
What layer is used to convert image pixel values from the range [0, 255] to [0, 1]? 
- [ ] Conversion
- [ ] Translation
- [ ] Resize
- [x] Rescaling

**Question 3**<br>
The diagram for traditional programming had Rules and Data in, but what came out?
- [x] Answers
- [ ] Binary
- [ ] Machine Learning
- [ ] Bugs

**Question 4**<br>
When training for multiple classes, what is the parameter you specify in image_dataset_from_directory if you like to label them for categorical_crossentropy loss?
- [ ] label_mode='int'
- [ ] class_mode='int'
- [x] label_mode='categorical'
- [ ] class_mode='categorical'

**Question 5**<br>
Can you use image augmentation with transfer learning? 
- [ ] No - because the layers are frozen so they can't be augmented
- [x] Yes. It's pre-trained layers that are frozen. So you can augment your images as you train the trainable layers of the DNN with them

**Question 6**<br>
Applying convolutions on top of a DNN will have what impact on training?
- [ ] It will be slower
- [ ] It will be faster
- [ ] There will be no impact
- [x] It depends on many factors. It might make your training faster or slower, and a poorly designed convolutional layer may even be less efficient than a plain DNN!

**Question 7**<br>
What is a convolution? 
- [ ] A technique to make images smaller
- [ ] A technique to make images larger
- [x] A technique to extract features from an image
- [ ] A technique to remove unwanted images

**Question 8**<br>
Why does the DNN for Fashion MNIST have 10 output neurons?
- [ ] To make it train 10x faster
- [ ] To make it classify 10x faster
- [ ] Purely arbitrary
- [x] The dataset has 10 classes
