**Question 1**<br>
To use word embeddings in TensorFlow, in a Sequential model, what is the name of the layer?
- [ ] tf.keras.layers.Embed
- [ ] tf.keras.layers.WordEmbedding
- [x] tf.keras.layers.Embedding
- [ ] tf.keras.layers.Word2Vector

**Question 2**<br>
Using the default settings, what does the 'max_tokens' parameter do when initializing the TextVectorization layer?
- [x] It specifies the maximum size of the vocabulary, and picks the most common ‘max_tokens - 2’ words
- [ ] It specifies the maximum size of the vocabulary, and picks the most common ‘max_tokens - 1’ words
- [ ] It errors out if there are more than max_tokens distinct words in the corpus
- [ ] It specifies the maximum size of the vocabulary, and picks the most common ‘max_tokens’ words

**Question 3**<br>
What is the name of the TensorFlow library containing common data that you can use to train and test neural networks?
- [ ] TensorFlow Data
- [ ] There is no library of common data sets, you have to use your own
- [x] TensorFlow Datasets
- [ ] TensorFlow Data Libraries

**Question 4**<br>
What is the purpose of the embedding dimension?
- [x] It is the number of dimensions for the vector representing the word encoding
- [ ] It is the number of words to encode in the embedding
- [ ] It is the number of letters in the word, denoting the size of the encoding
- [ ] It is the number of dimensions required to encode every word in the corpus

**Question 5**<br>
IMDB Reviews are either positive or negative. What type of loss function should be used in this scenario?
- [x] Binary crossentropy
- [ ] Categorical crossentropy
- [ ] Binary Gradient descent
- [ ] Adam

**Question 6**<br>
How are the labels for the IMDB dataset encoded?
- [ ] Reviews encoded as a boolean true/false
- [ ] Reviews encoded as a number 1-5
- [x] Reviews encoded as a number 0-1
- [ ] Reviews encoded as a number 1-10

**Question 7**<br>
How many reviews are there in the IMDB dataset and how are they split?
- [ ] 60,000 records, 80/20 train/test split
- [x] 50,000 records, 50/50 train/test split
- [ ] 50,000 records, 80/20 train/test split
- [ ] 60,000 records, 50/50 train/test split
