**Question 1**<br>
Given the choices below, how do you change the images' pixel values into the range 0 to 1?
- [ ] Tensorflow automatically does it for you.
- [ ] By setting the "normalize" parameter in tf.keras.utils.image_dataset_from_directory().
- [ ] By using the tf.keras.layers.Normalization() layer.
- [ ] By setting the "rescale" parameter in tf.keras.utils.image_dataset_from_directory().
- [x] By using the tf.keras.layers.Rescaling() layer.

**Question 2**<br>
How do you assign labels to images when using tf.keras.utils.image_dataset_from_directory()?
- [x] It’s based on the directory the image is contained in.
- [ ] It’s based on the file name.
- [ ] TensorFlow figures it out from the contents of each file.
- [ ] You have to manually do it.

**Question 3**<br>
When you reduce the resolution of the images before training the network, which of the following after effects happen?
- [x] The training is faster.
- [x] Training results may differ.
- [ ] You no longer need to rescale the pixel values.
- [x] You lose some of the information from the original images.

**Question 4**<br>
When you specify the input_shape in the tf.keras.layers.Conv2D() to be (300, 300, 3), what does that mean?
- [x] Every image will be 300x300 pixels, with 3 bytes to define color
- [ ] Every image will be 300x300 pixels, and there should be 3 Convolutional Layers
- [ ] There will be 300 images, each size 300, loaded in batches of 3
- [ ] There will be 300 horses and 300 humans, loaded in batches of 3

**Question 5**<br>
If your training accuracy is close to 1.000 but the validation accuracy is far from it, what’s the risk here? Select the best answer.
- [ ] No risk, that’s a great result.
- [x] You’re overfitting on your training data
- [ ] You’re underfitting on your validation data
- [ ] You’re overfitting on your validation data

**Question 6**<br>
How do you specify the target resolution for the images?
- [ ] By using the tf.keras.layers.Rescaling() layer.
- [ ] By setting the "target_size" parameter in tf.keras.utils.image_dataset_from_directory().
- [x] By setting the "image_size" parameter in tf.keras.utils.image_dataset_from_directory().
- [ ] By setting the "training_size" parameter in tf.keras.utils.image_dataset_from_directory().
