**Question 1**<br>
What does MAE stand for?
- [ ] Mean Average Error
- [ ] Mean Advanced Error
- [x] Mean Absolute Error
- [ ] Mean Active Error

**Question 2**<br>
What’s the correct line of code to split an n column window into n-1 columns for features and 1 column for a label
- [ ] dataset = dataset.map(lambda window: (window[n-1], window[1]))
- [x] dataset = dataset.map(lambda window: (window[:-1], window[-1:]))
- [ ] dataset = dataset.map(lambda window: (window[-1:], window[:-1]))
- [ ] dataset = dataset.map(lambda window: (window[n], window[1]))

**Question 3**<br>
If you want to inspect the learned parameters in a layer after training, what’s a good technique to use?
- [ ] Run the model with unit data and inspect the output for that layer.
- [x] Assign a variable to the layer and add it to the model using that variable. Inspect its properties after training.
- [ ] Decompile the model and inspect the parameter set for that layer.
- [ ] Iterate through the layers dataset of the model to find the layer you want.

**Question 4**<br>
If you want to amend the learning rate of the optimizer on the fly, after each epoch. What do you do?
- [ ] Use a LearningRateScheduler object and assign that to the `callbacks` parameter in model.compile()
- [ ] Callback to a custom function and change the SGD property
- [x] Use a LearningRateScheduler object in the callbacks namespace and assign that to the `callbacks` parameter in model.fit()
- [ ] You can’t set it

**Question 5**<br>
What does ‘drop_remainder=True’ do?
- [ ] It ensures that the data is all the same shape
- [x] It ensures that all rows in the data window are the same length by cropping data
- [ ] It ensures that all rows in the data window are the same length by adding data
- [ ] It ensures that all data is used

**Question 6**<br>
What does MSE stand for?
- [x] Mean Squared error
- [ ] Mean Second error
- [ ] Mean Series error
- [ ] Mean Slight error

**Question 7**<br>
If time values are in time[], series values are in series[] and we want to split the series into training and validation at time split_time, what is the correct code?
- [x] time_train = time[:split_time]
      x_train = series[:split_time]
      time_valid = time[split_time:]
      x_valid = series[split_time:]

- [ ] time_train = time[split_time]
      x_train = series[split_time]
      time_valid = time[split_time]
      x_valid = series[split_time]

- [ ] time_train = time[split_time]
      x_train = series[split_time]
      time_valid = time[split_time:]
      x_valid = series[split_time:]

- [ ] time_train = time[:split_time]
      x_train = series[:split_time]
      time_valid = time[split_time]
      x_valid = series[split_time]

**Question 8**<br>
How do you set the learning rate of the SGD optimizer? 
- [ ] Use the Rate property 
- [ ] You can’t set it
- [x] Use the learning_rate property
- [ ] Use the RateOfLearning property

**Question 9**<br>
What is a windowed dataset?
- [ ] A consistent set of subsets of a time series
- [ ] The time series aligned to a fixed shape
- [x] A fixed-size subset of a time series 
- [ ] There’s no such thing
