**Question 1**<br>
In the context of machine learning, what is convergence?
- [ ] A dramatic increase in loss
- [ ] An analysis that corresponds too closely or exactly to a particular set of data
- [x] The process of getting very close to the correct answer
- [ ] A programming API for AI

**Question 2**<br>
What is the difference between traditional programming and machine learning?
- [ ] Machine learning identifies complex activities such as golf, while traditional programming is better suited to simpler activities such as walking.
- [x] In traditional programming, a programmer has to formulate or code rules manually, whereas, in machine learning, the algorithm automatically formulates the rules from the data.

**Question 3**<br>
What does model.fit() do?
- [x] It trains the neural network to fit the inputs to the expected outputs.
- [ ] It optimizes an existing model.
- [ ] It makes a model fit the available memory.
- [ ] It determines if your activity is good for your body.

**Question 4**<br>
What do we call the process of telling the computer what the data represents (i.e. this data is for walking, this data is for running)?
- [ ] Programming the Data
- [ ] Categorizing the Data
- [ ] Learning the Data
- [x] Labeling the Data

**Question 5**<br>
What does the optimizer do?
- [x] Updates the weights to decrease the total loss and generate an improved guess.
- [ ] Decides to stop training a neural network, when an optimal threshold is reached.
- [ ] Measures how good the current guess is.
- [ ] Figures out how to efficiently compile your code to optimize the training.

**Question 6**<br>
What is a Dense layer?
- [ ] A layer of disconnected neurons
- [ ] An amount of mass occupying a volume
- [x] A layer of neurons fully connected to its adjacent layers
- [ ] A single neuron

**Question 7**<br>
At any time during training, how do you measure how good the current ‘guess’ of the neural network is?
- [ ] Figuring out if you win or lose
- [ ] Training a neural network
- [x] Using the loss function

**Question 8**<br>
When building a TensorFlow Keras model, how do you define the expected shape of the input data?
- [ ] No need to, TensorFlow is capable of inferring this for you
- [x] Using a tf.keras.Input that specifies the shape of the data via the shape argument
- [ ] Using a tf.keras.InputLayer that specifies the shape of the data via the shape argument
- [ ] Setting the input_shape argument of a tf.keras.layers.Dense or other first layer your model uses
